Add input device stubs (#3411)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Input_device/Drum_controller/en.md

> # Drum Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Drum controller
```

> **Drum controllers** are input devices designed to work with taiko drum games. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Drum controllers** are input devices designed to work with Taiko-like drum games. They most often have four areas of input: right drum center, left drum center, right drum rim, and left drum rim, with each input (key) being activated via a drum stick that is smacked down on the corresponding area of the drum.
```
**Some images of popular taiko drum controllers should be placed here as well.** "Taiko" should prob have a link somewhere. Not sure if we want to link to an article within osu! wiki or to Wikipedia, but it should be linked.

> For PS4 and Switch drum controllers, you will need to plug it into your computer and bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.
> For the Wii Tatacon, you will need to pair it to your computer first and enable Wiimote/Tatacon support in the osu! settings. 
> Most 3rd party drum controllers will also work with osu!, but support may vary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Connection

Owners of Taiko drum controllers for [PlayStation 4 (PS4)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_4 "Wikipedia") or [Nintendo Switch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_Switch "Wikipedia") will need to plug their controllers into a computer via USB and bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.
 
Owners of the [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Tatacon controller will need to pair their controller to their computer before enablung the Wiimote/Tatacon support option in the osu! settings. 

Most third party drum controllers will also work with osu!, but support may vary. 
```

> <!-- this is a stub -->

Reviewer: same deal as before; i wont be commenting on these anymore, but just know that all articles should have the comment placed at the top with some tags preceeding it.

# Drum controller

> **Drum controllers** are input devices designed to work with Taiko-like drum games. 
> They most often have four areas of input: right drum center, left drum center, right drum rim, and left drum rim, with each input (key) being activated using a drum stick that is smacked down on the corresponding area of the drum.
> Owners of Taiko drum controllers for the [PlayStation 4 (PS4)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_4 "Wikipedia") or the [Nintendo Switch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_Switch "Wikipedia") will need to plug their controllers into the computer via USB and bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.
> Owners of the [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Tatacon controller will need to pair their controller to their computer before enabling the Wiimote/Tatacon support option in the osu! settings. 
> Most third party drum controllers will also work with osu!, but support may vary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Drum controllers** are input devices designed to work with Taiko-like rhythm games. These kinds of controllers may also work with osu!.

Drum controllers most often have four areas of input: right drum center, left drum center, right drum rim, and left drum rim, with each input (key) being activated using a drum stick that is smacked down on the corresponding area of the drum.

## Input

Owners of Taiko drum controllers for the [PlayStation 4 (PS4)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_4 "Wikipedia") or the [Nintendo Switch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_Switch "Wikipedia") will need to plug their controllers into the computer via USB and bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.

Owners of the [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Tatacon controller will need to pair their controller to their computer before enabling the Wiimote/Tatacon support option in the osu! settings. 
Most third party drum controllers will also work with osu!, but support may vary. 
```
Not sure what to do about the "input" section, but this should be fine for now
